improve docs (#39)
carvel-dev/imgpkg: docs/air-gapped-workflow.md

## Scenario

> You want to ensure Kubernetes application does not rely on images from external registries when deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You want to ensure your Kubernetes application does not rely on images sourced from external registries when deployed.
```

> This scenario _also_ applies for ensuring that all images are consolidated into a single registry even if that registry is not air-gapped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This scenario _also_ applies when trying to ensure that all images are consolidated into a single registry, even if that registry is not air-gapped.
```

## Prerequisites

To complete this workflow you will need access to an OCI registry like Docker Hub, and optionally, 

> a Kubernetes cluster. (If you would like to use a local registry (with local Kubernetes cluster), try using [Kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/docs/user/local-registry/))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a Kubernetes cluster. (If you would like to use a local registry and Kubernetes cluster, try using [Kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/docs/user/local-registry/))
```

> If you would like to deploy the results of this scenario to your Kubernetes cluster, download [`kbld`](https://get-kbld.io/) and kubectl.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to deploy the results of this scenario to your Kubernetes cluster, you will additionally need [`kbld`](https://get-kbld.io/) and kubectl.
```

---
## Step 1: Finding bundle in source registry

> If you already have a bundle pushed to the registry, continue with the next step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have already pushed a bundle to the registry, continue to the next step.
```

> ### Option 1: From a common location connected to both registries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Option 1: From a location connected to both registries
```

1. Get to a location that can access both registries

    This may be a server that has access to both internal and external networks. If there is no such location, you will have to use "Option 2" below.

> 1. [Authenticate](auth.md) with both, source and destination, registries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Authenticate](auth.md) with both source, and destination registries
```

> 1. Run following command to copy bundle from one registry to another:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run the following command to copy a bundle by tag from one registry to another:
```

Not sure if we want to call out that we're copying by tag here, but it is what's happening.

    Succeeded
    ```

>     Bundle and all images referenced in the bundle are copied to destination registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The bundle, and all images referenced in the bundle, are copied to the destination registry.
```

    Flags used in the command:

>       * `-b` (`--bundle`) indicates bundle location in source registry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * `-b` (`--bundle`) indicates the bundle location in the source registry
```

      * `--to-repo` indicates the registry where the bundle and associated images should be copied to

### Option 2: With intermediate tarball

1. Get to a location that can access source registry

> 1. [Authenticate to source registry](auth.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Authenticate with the source registry](auth.md)
```

    ```

    Flags used in the command:

>       * `-b` (`--bundle`) indicates bundle location in a source registry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * `-b` (`--bundle`) indicates the bundle location in the source registry
```

>       * `--to-tar` indicates local location to write a tar file containing the bundle assets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * `--to-tar` indicates the local location to write a tar file containing the bundle assets
```

> 1. Transfer locally saved tarball `/tmp/my-image.tar` to a location that has access to destination registry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Transfer the local tarball `/tmp/my-image.tar` to a location with access to the destination registry
```

> 1. [Authenticate to destination registry](auth.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Authenticate with the destination registry](auth.md)
```

> 1. Import bundle from your tarball to destination registry:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Import the bundle from your tarball to the destination registry:
```

    Succeeded
    ```

>     Bundle and all images referenced in the bundle are copied to destination registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The bundle, and all images referenced in the bundle, are copied to the destination registry.
```

    Flags used in the command:

>       * `--from-tar` indicates path to tar file containing assets to be copied to an image registry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * `--from-tar` indicates the path to a tar file containing the assets to be copied to a registry
```

---
## Step 3: Pulling bundle from destination registry

> 1. [Authenticate to destination registry](auth.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Authenticate with the destination registry](auth.md)
```

> 1. Pull the bundle from destination registry:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Pull the bundle from the destination registry:
```

    ```

    Flags used in the command:
      * `-b` (`--bundle`) indicates to pull a particular bundle from a registry
      * `-o` (`--output`) indicates the local folder where the bundle will be unpacked

>     Note that `.imgpkg/images.yml` file was updated with the destination registry locations of the images. This happens because in the prior step bundle was copied into destination registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Note that the `.imgpkg/images.yml` file was updated with the destination registry locations of the images. This happened because, in the prior step, the images referenced by the bundle were copied into the destination registry.
```

      images:
      - image: registry.corp.com/apps/simple-app-bundle@sha256:4c8b96d4fffdfae29258d94a22ae4ad1fe36139d47288b8960d9958d1e63a9d0
        annotations:
          kbld.carvel.dev/id: docker.io/dkalinin/k8s-simple-app
    ```

---
## Step 4: Use pulled bundle contents

> Regardless which location bundle is downloaded from (source registry or destination registry), use of pulled bundle contents remains the same. Follow directions from ["Step 4: Use pulled bundle contents" of basic workflow](basic-workflow.md#step-4-use-pulled-bundle-contents).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regardless which location the bundle is downloaded from, source registry or destination registry, use of the pulled bundle contents remains the same. Continue with ["Step 4: Use pulled bundle contents"](basic-workflow.md#step-4-use-pulled-bundle-contents) in the basic workflow.
```
